Now the good thing is of course you don't have to use this default width and height.
You can set your own so you can get a gift this image of style and I'll do this here.
I'll add an image property in the style sheet and give this a width of let's say 80 percent of the parent
views so 80 percent of this screen view so 80 percent of the screen with therefore and maybe a height
of 300 pixels.
And now we can assign this image style here to this image component by using the style prop there and
pointing at Styles image like this.
If we do that now we see that's way better and now the image fits onto the screen and is resized accordingly.
Now by the way you can also control how the image is resized.
If you define a width and height that doesn't meet the aspect ratio of the original image.
So if you're with two height aspect ratio isn't the same as the image file and chances are that you
have a different aspect ratio.
Well then you can set a resize mode here and this simply is a string where you can choose from different
options.
And for example cover is an option where you will resize to image to keep its aspect ratio and fit it
into this box here for contain it's similar but for contain it will not necessarily take the entire
box as you can see here.
Here it contains the image and simply shrinks it so that it doesn't exceed the width and height of the
box we reserve for it for a cover.
It also keeps the aspect ratio but doesn't necessarily shrink the image to fit into this box instead
of just the crops the image beyond the boundaries of the access it would exceed otherwise.
So we can simply play around with easier different settings to get to the setup you want.
Cover is the default but in case you want to keep the whole image and you don't want to crop it on any
axis then you could set this to contained and you can play around with the other values too.
I'll go with cover which again is the default.
So you could remove this prop here but to show that you can set this or leave it here.
Now this allows you to add an image here on the screen and of course you can assign more styles.
For example we could try to give it as rounded corners by now.
Also adding a border radius here and setting this to let's say 200 so really large border radius to
render a rounded image.
Now that's looking a bit strange though a better way of setting this is to simply wrap the image into
a surrounding view like this and then assign to styles that should add rounded corners or drop shadows
or anything like that to date surrounding view.
So there you could refer to the image container prop or anything like that and add this down here in
your style sheet and now on that image container you could set up a border radius of let's say two hundred
maybe also border width of three and a border.
Color of black.
Soledad we also have a visual border.
And if we do that and safeties we get this strange look the reason for this is that we haven't set a
width and height on the container and therefore we should do this and actually use width and height.
We were sitting on the image set it on the container instead and on the image we can now simply use
a width of one hundred percent and a height of 100 percent because the image is inside of this container.
So a 100 percent here and here means it takes the width and height.
We're setting up on the container.
But now the container also has these values so that the container is sized appropriately.
Now what you can see is something strange though the image overlaps the container.
We see the rounded corners.
We see the circle here in the background here with these black corners or edges here.
But the image isn't corrupt into that circle.
So to say.
And that can be achieved by adding another property on the container that holds the image.
And that's the overflow property with the value of hidden.
That means that any child inside of the container that would kind of break out of the container that
would go beyond the boundaries of that container is actually clipped is cut off.
So that now we actually squeezed the image nicely into that container with the rounded corners we got
here.
Now what we can also add in addition is a little bit of margin on the vertical axis.
Maybe a 30 to have some spacing around the image top and bottom.
And with that this doesn't look too bad I'd say.
Now one thing you'll notice is that it's not looking like a perfect circle here on Android.
The reason for data is that our border radius isn't calculated perfectly.
The border radius should be a half of your width and height.
And the problem is width and height aren't equal.
So we should actually render a square here and then add a border radius to get a perfect circle.
So disillusion could be that we set the width of 300 here on the image container and have the same with
as height.
Therefore and now use a border radius that is half of that which is one hundred and fifty and now we'll
get a perfect circle on both devices.
This also means that on very small devices our image here our circle might not fit on the screen if
the devices have a screen that's smaller than 300 pixels regarding its width but will learn about tools
how to find out which device with our device has and how we can adjust cells to that in the next module.
For now let's go with the hardcoded value here which looks good on these screens here and we'll again
cover tools that help us with our device screens later.
So this is how you can add image and how you can style it how you can make it rounded like you do here
which of course don't have to do but which looks nice in this case here.
Think how you can do this if you have to image as a file here.
Now what if the image is coming from the Web though.